Hi everybody.
Welcome to Beginner 1.
In these videos, I hope to teach you some
basic English.
So these videos are for low level beginners.
Okay…
Now when you watch these videos, I want you
to pay attention.
Okay…
Watch all the videos in the series.
Please listen carefully and if there are any
words or expressions that you don’t know,
please check your dictionary.
Another thing you should do is repeat after
me.
Repeating is a really good practice.
Okay…
So, I know that some of these videos are hard.
But please don’t give up.
If you try your best, and watch all of these
videos, I know that your English will get
better.
Okay, well let’s get started.
Hi, everybody and welcome to this video.
Now in this video, I want to talk about the
difference between consonants and vowels.
Now, in the English alphabet, there are twenty-six
letters.
And in the alphabet, there are five main vowels
and one special vowel.
And the rest are consonants.
So, let’s look at the board.
Here’s the alphabet.
The first letter, ‘a’, is a vowel.
The next letter, ‘b’, is a consonant.
‘c’ is a consonant.
‘d’: consonant.
‘e’ is a vowel.
Then, ‘f’, is a consonant.
‘g’: consonant.
‘h’: consonant.
‘e’ is another vowel.
‘j’ is a consonant.
‘k’: consonant.
‘l’, ‘m’, ‘n’ are consonants.
‘o’ is another vowel.
‘p’, ‘q’, ‘r’, ’s’ and ‘t’,
these are all consonants.
‘u’ is the last main vowel.
‘v’: consonant.
‘w’: consonant.
‘x’: consonant.
‘y’ is the special vowel.
And we’ll talk about that more later on.
And ‘z’ is the last letter and it is a
consonant.
Okay, so, there are twenty-six letters in
the alphabet.
There are five main vowels.
One special vowel.
And the rest are consonant.
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay…
Let’s look at some words.
Now all English words have vowels.
Maybe one or many vowels.
So, let’s look at these words.
The first word is “cat”.
Okay, we have ‘c’ is a consonant.
‘a’ a vowel.
‘t’: consonant.
“Egg”.
‘e’ is a vowel.
And ‘g’, ‘g’.
‘g’ is a consonant.
“Hit”.
‘h’ is a consonant.
‘i’ a vowel.
And ‘t’ a consonant.
“Top”.
‘t’ is a consonant.
‘o’ is a vowel.
And ‘p’ a consonant.
The last word is “cut”.
‘c’ is a consonant.
‘u’ a vowel.
And ‘t’ a consonant.
So we have the main vowels: ‘a’, ’e
’,’i’ ,’o’ ,’u’.
Now, I said ‘y’ is a special vowel.
That’s because sometimes it’s a vowel
and sometimes it’s a consonant.
So let’s look.
In the word, “why”, the letter ‘y’
sounds like ‘i’.
“Why”.
So it is a vowel.
“Bicycle”.
The letter ‘y’ sounds like ‘i’.
‘i’ is the letter ‘i’ right, it sounds
like the letter ‘i’.
So, in this case ‘y’ is also a vowel.
“Pretty”.
‘y’ sounds like ‘e’.
Okay…
“Pretty”.
So, it’s a vowel.
Now, in the last two words, “you” and
“yes”, the letter ‘y’ is a consonant.
Usually, if ‘y’ comes at the beginning
of a word, or if it makes a /u/ sound, for
example, “you”, “yes”, it is a consonant.
Okay…
So again, five main vowels: ‘a’, ’e’,
’i’, ’o’, ’u’.
And ‘y’ the special vowel.
Now to help us remember vowels, we can say,
“a, e, i, o, u and sometimes y.”
Okay, repeat again after me.
One more time, faster.
“a, e, i, o, u and sometimes y.”
Okay, and that’s the end of this video.
Thank you.
Hi everybody and welcome to this video.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
using ‘a’ or ‘an’.
Okay…
We use ‘a’ or ‘an’ in front of nouns.
Well, what is a noun?
A noun is a person, place, thing or animal.
Okay, so let’s look at the board.
The first noun we have is “banana”.
“Banana”, starts with the consonant ‘b’.
So we put “a banana”.
“a banana”.
Look at the next word.
“Apple”.
In this case, the first letter is ‘a’.
‘a’ is a vowel.
Remember the vowels are a, e, i, o, u, so
we have to put ‘an’.
“an apple”.
“cat”.
Hmmm.
The first letter, ‘c’, is a consonant.
So, should we put, ‘a’ or ‘an’?
Remember, if it’s a consonant, we have to
put ‘a’.
“a cat”.
The next word, “boy”.
Again, the word starts with a consonant: ‘b’.
So we have to say, “a boy”.
The next word, “egg”, has the letter ‘e’
in front.
‘e’ is a vowel.
So what do we put?
We put ‘an’.
If we read it, it sounds like “an egg.”
“an egg”.
Okay, and the last word is “ant”.
“ant” starts with the vowel ‘a’.
So again, we must put……”an ant”.
“an ant”.
Now, let’s go through these words together.
“a banana”.
“an apple”.
Keep in mind that when you have ‘an’ in
front, it has to sound like almost one word.
“an apple”.
“a cat”.
“a boy”.
“an egg”.
“an ant”.
Okay…
Let’s move on the next part.
Okay, let’s do some extra practice.
Ahhh, I have some nouns on the board.
Remember, a noun is a person, place, thing
or animal.
So let’s go through them one by one.
“A book”, “book” is a thing.
It’s a thing that we read.
“Park”, is a place.
It’s a place we go.
“Umbrella” is a thing.
Right…
Umbrella is a thing that we use when it’s
raining.
“Elephant”.
“Elephant” is an animal.
“Doctor”.
“Doctor” is a person.
And “orange”.
Orange is a thing that we eat.
Okay…
Now, I’m going to say ‘a’ or ‘an’
in front of the nouns.
I want you to listen and see if you can hear
the difference.
Okay…
We have “book”.
In that case we say, “a book”.
“a book”.
We have to say, “a book”.
Okay…
The next one is “park”.
We say, “a park”.
“a park”.
Remember, we put ‘a’ in front of words
that begin with consonants.
‘b’ and ‘p’ are consonants.
That’s why we say, “a book”, “a park”.
Okay…
How about the next word?
“an umbrella”.
Could you here the difference?
We say ‘an’ because umbrella starts with
a vowel: ‘u’.
“an umbrella”.
Okay…
“elephant”.
We should we say?
Again, elephant starts with a vowel.
“a doctor”.
And the last word, “an orange”.
“an orange”.
Again, we have to say, “an orange” because
‘o’ is a vowel.
So, let’s go through each word one more
time.
“a book”.
Okay…
“a park”.
“an umbrella”.
Notice it sounds like one word.
“an elephant”.
“a doctor”.
And the last one.
“an orange”.
Okay…
So that’s the end of this video.
I hope you can remember when to use ‘a’
and ‘an’.
Okay, thank you.
Bye.
Hi, everybody and welcome to this video.
Now, in this lesson I’m going to talk about
singular and plural nouns.
Okay…
Singular means one.
And plural means more than one or many.
Okay…
So let’s look at the board.
This part is showing singular nouns.
Okay, remember, singular means one.
Okay…
So when the noun is singular, we put ‘a’
or ‘an’.
So let’s look.
“a ring”.
That means one ring.
“a dog”.
Again, one dog.
“a teacher”.
One teacher.
“an apple”.
One apple.
“an egg”.
One egg.
So again, one….noun is singular.
Okay…
Now over here, we have plural nouns.
Plural means more than one.
Two, three, four, and so on.
So, many.
Okay…
So, when we have a plural noun we have to,
don’t forget, we have to put ‘s’ or
‘es’.
Again, if there’s more than one, if the
noun is plural, you have to put ‘s’ or
‘es’.
Now the nouns here, you just have to add an
‘s’.
Okay, and we’re going to go through them
right now.
“two rings”.
Okay, we had one ring.
“a ring”.
Now we have “two rings.”
With an ‘s’.
Okay…
We had “a dog”.
The plural is “three dogs”.
Again, ‘s’.
“three dogs”.
“a teacher”.
One teacher.
“four teachers”.
Don’t forget the ‘s’.
Okay, you must not forget that.
“an apple”.
That’s one apple.
Then we have plural.
“five apples”.
Okay…
And the last one.
“an egg”.
One egg.
“six eggs”.
Don’t forget ‘s’.
Okay…
I really need you to remember that.
“two rings”.
“three dogs”.
“four teachers”.
“five apples”.
and “six eggs”.
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, now we have some more nouns.
These nouns are a little bit different.
Uhhh, when they’re singular it’s the same.
You put ‘a’ or ‘an’ in front.
But when you want to make them plural, you
have to add ‘es’.
Remember, I said, you can add ‘s’ or ‘es’
to make a noun plural…more than one.
So again, these nouns you have to add ‘es’.
So let’s go through them one more time.
Okay…
So we have “a bus”.
“a bus”.
Again, that means one bus.
“a box”.
“a watch”.
Okay, one.
“a kiss”.
And “an ax”.
“an ax”.
One.
Okay…
Now, we’re going to move on to the plural.
Remember, again, to make the plural, or more
than one, here, we add ‘es’.
Okay…
“a bus”.
One.
“two buses”.
“a box”.
“three boxes”.
.
“three boxes”
“a watch”.
“four watches”.
‘es’ right.
“a kiss”.
One.
“five kisses”.
Add the ‘es’.
And the last one.
“an ax”.
Okay, we have “six axes”.
“six axes”.
Don’t forget.
We have to put ‘es’ to make these nouns
plural.
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
So, how do we know if we should put ‘s’
or ‘es’ to make the noun plural?
Well, for most nouns, you just have to put
‘s’.
Okay, for most of them.
But, for some, you have to put ‘es’.
And how do we know?
Well… let’s look at the board.
We have some nouns.
The first one is “church”.
Okay…
“Church” ends in ‘ch’.
So if the noun ends in ‘ch’, you have
to put ‘es’.
Okay…
So it becomes “churches”.
So again, if the noun ends in ‘ch’, add
‘es’ at the end to make it plural.
The same goes for the next word “brush”.
You’ll notice “brush” ends in ‘sh’.
Okay…
So if it ends in ‘sh’, same thing, we
add ‘es’ at the end to make it plural.
Okay…
The next word is fox.
We have the letter ‘x’ at the end.
Okay…
All nouns that end in ‘x’, we have to
put ‘es’ to make it plural.
Okay, so, ‘ch’, ‘sh’, ‘x’.
If the noun ends with these, put ‘es’.
And the last one is “dress”.
Okay, we have ‘ss’ at the end.
Same thing.
Put ‘es’ at the end to make it plural.
Okay…
“Dresses”.
Again, if it ends in ‘ss’ put ‘es’.
Okay, so please, don’t forget ‘ch’,
‘sh’, ‘x’, ‘ss’, we must put ‘es’
at the end.
Most of the other nouns we just add ‘s’.
Okay…
Now we have some special nouns on this side.
“Potato, tomato, volcano”.
Now, most nouns that end in ‘o’, like
“photo”, all we have to do is add an ‘s’
to make it plural.
“Photos”.
Okay…
But these are special because we actually
have to put ‘es’ at the end… to make
them…plural.
Okay…
So we have “potatoes, tomatoes, volcanoes”.
Again, these are a little bit special.
For most nouns that end in ‘o’, we just
add ‘s’.
Okay, and, uhhh, let’s go to the final part.
Okay, let’s do some extra practice.
On the board, I have some nouns.
Some are singular and some are plural.
We have to decide together if we should put
‘s’ or ‘es’ or make them singular.
Okay…
So you have to listen carefully and remember
what we learned in this video.
Okay…
“Two books”.
Right, this is plural.
There are two.
“Two books”.
We have to put an ‘s’.
Okay…
The next one.
“Three class”.
Hmmmm.
“Class” ends with an ‘s’.
So what do we put?
“Three classes”.
Okay…
So again the plural is “three classes”.
“A lion”.
Do we have to put anything?
No.
No ‘s’ or ‘es’ because this is singular.
There’s just one lion.
“A lion”.
“Six hats”.
We have to put an ‘s’.
Okay…
The next noun is “seven match”.
What do we out?
Well, we have a ‘ch’.
So we have to put “matches”.
“Seven matches”.
Okay…
And the last one is “one bat”.
“One bat”.
We do not put an ‘s’ or ‘es’ because
again, it’s just one.
We don’t have to put anything after ‘bat’.
Okay, this is singular.
Okay, so, in this video, we learned how to
make a noun singular.
Okay…
And how to make a noun plural.
Remember, singular means one.
Plural means more than one.
And remember, don’t forget, we have to put
‘s’ or ‘es’.
Okay…
And thanks for joining.
That’s the end of this video.
Bye.
Hi everybody and welcome to this video.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
subjective pronouns.
So, let’s take a look at the board.
Here they are.
The subjective pronouns.
Please take a careful look.
They’re very important in English.
Okay…
So, the first subjective pronoun is ‘I’.
“I” means me.
“I’m Esther”.
“I”.
“He”.
Now, “he” is only used for boys or men.
Okay…
“He”.
So another boy or man is “he”.
“She” is used for girls or women.
Okay…
“She”.
“It”.
“It” is used for a place like a school,
an animal like a dog, or a thing like a chair.
Okay…
“It”.
The next one is “you”.
“You” means you.
Okay…”you”.
“We”.
“We” means other people and me.
For example, “I sing”, “you sing”,
then “we sing”.
Okay…”we”.
And the last one is “they”.
“They” means many people, places, animals
or things.
Okay…
So, more than one.
If there’s more than one, we use the subjective
pronoun ‘they’.
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, so let’s practice together with subjective
pronouns.
The first sentence on the board says, “Jenny
sings”.
Now Jenny is one girl.
So we can say, “She sings”.
“Jack sings”.
Jack is one boy.
So we have to say, “he sings”.
The last sentence says, “Jenny and Jack
sing”.
Now Jenny and Jack are two people.
So we have to say, “they sing”.
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, let’s do some more practice.
The first sentence on the board says, “The
cat runs”.
‘The cat’ is an animal, so we have to
say, “It runs”.
The next sentence says, “The dog and cat
run”.
Now, ‘the dog and cat’, they are two animals.
So anytime you have two or more things, we
say, “They run”.
‘They’.
Okay, now, for the last sentence, I’m going
to talk about my cat, Ongee.
Ongee is a cat.
He’s an animal.
But, he has a name.
He’s a boy cat.
Okay and I love him.
And he’s like family
So, “Ongee runs”.
I can say “He runs”.
Okay…
Let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, here are some more examples.
But, this time, you have to figure out the
subjective pronoun together with me.
Okay…
So, “My students study”.
What should we use?
Well, ‘My students’, there’s an ‘s’.
Right…
They’re people and there’s more than one.
Many people.
So we have to use the subjective pronoun,
‘they’.
“They study”.
The next example.
“John is handsome”.
Okay, ‘John’, that’s a person.
There’s only one.
Right…
And it’s a boy, ‘John’.
So what should we use?
We have to use the subjective pronoun, ‘he’.
One boy.
We say, “he”.
“He is handsome”.
Okay, the last one.
“Pizza is delicious”.
‘Pizza’ is a thing.
And there’s only one.
Right…
There’s no ‘s’.
One pizza.
We say, “it”.
“It is delicious”.
Okay…
Let’s move on to some more examples.
Okay, the first example says, “Seoul is
a city”.
Now, ‘Seoul’ is a place.
Okay…
So we have to use the subjective pronoun,
‘it’.
“It is a city”.
The next example says, “My parents love
Ongee”.
Now, ‘Ongee’ is my cat.
“My parents love Ongee”.
Well, ‘my parents’, they are two people.
My mom and my dad.
So, what do I use?
I have to say, “they”.
“They love Ongee”.
The last example is very similar to the second
one.
“My parents and I love Ongee”.
Okay…
The difference is… it says, “and I”.
So this is ‘my parents’ with ‘me’.
So I have to say, “we”.
“We love Ongee”.
Okay…
All of us.
Okay, so, in this video we learned about subjective
pronouns.
I hope you guys have a good understanding
of ‘when’ and ‘how’ to use them.
Thank you for watching and I’ll see you
guys next time.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
Welcome to this video.
Now, in this video, we’re going to talk
about subjective pronouns, ‘be’ verbs,
and also, contractions.
So let’s take a look at the board.
Okay…
First, we have the subjective pronouns.
And we have the ‘be’ verbs: am, is and
are.
Okay…
So let’s look at the first one.
“I am”.
“I am Esther”.
The contraction for ‘I am’ is ‘I’m’.
“I’m”.
Now, a contraction is a more common way of
saying subjective pronouns and their ‘be’
verb.
It’s faster and quicker and shorter.
Okay, it’s more common.
I want you to use contractions.
Okay…
So, “I am” becomes “I’m”.
“He is”…”he’s”.
“She is”…”she’s”.
“It is”…”it’s”.
Okay, let’s move on to the bottom.
“You are” becomes “you’re”.
“You’re”.
“We are”…”we’re”.
“We’re”.
and “They are”.
The contraction is “they’re”.
“They’re”.
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay…
We’re going to take a look at some sentences
using the ‘be’ verbs.
Now, notice on the board, I only used contractions.
Okay…
For example, instead of “I am”, I’m
going to say “I’m”.
So, the first sentence.
“I’m a student”.
Okay…
This means one.
So we have to say “a student”.
“a”.
Now many people make the mistake of saying,
“I’m student”, but that’s wrong.
Okay…
You have to put ‘a’.
Before I read it, you have to listen carefully.
‘I’m a’ sounds like one word.
“I’m a…”
“I’m a student”.
Okay…
Please repeat after me.
“I’m a student”.
Okay, the next one, again, sounds like one
word.
“He’s a…”.
Okay…so…
“He’s a student”.
Please repeat.
Same thing.
“She’s a student”.
Please repeat.
The next sentence has ‘it’.
Now remember, ‘it’ is only used for a
place, a thing or an animal.
So we can’t have those things be a student.
So we have to say, “It’s a dog”.
Okay, please repeat.
“It’s a dog”.
Okay, the next one.
“You’re a student”.
Please repeat.
Okay…
Now let’s look at ‘we’re’.
“We’re students”.
Okay…
We took out the ‘a’ and we put an ‘s’
because ‘we’re’ means many people.
Not one student, but many students.
So, we have to say, “we’re students”.
Please repeat.
“We’re students”.
The same thing goes for ‘they’.
Again, ‘they’ means many people…or many
things.
Here, we put ‘s’.
And we took out the ‘a’.
So, “they’re students”.
Please repeat.
“They’re students”.
Okay, we’re going to look at some more examples.
Please listen and repeat carefully.
Let’s start with the first one: “I’m”.
“I’m a boy”.
“I’m a girl”.
“He’s”.
“He’s a man”.
“He’s a boy”.
“She’s”.
“She’s a woman”.
“She’s a girl”.
“It’s”.
“It’s a chair”.
“It’s a cat”.
“You’re”.
“You’re a singer”.
“You’re a friend”.
“We’re”.
“We’re sisters”.
“We’re brothers”.
“They’re”.
“They’re people”.
“They’re cars”.
Okay…
Well I hope that this video helped you understand
how to use subjective pronouns, their ‘be’
verbs, and also contractions.
Now, before we go, I wanted to share a little
bit about myself using the lesson.
So, first, remember, “I’m a…”.
“I’m a girl”.
Also, “I’m a teacher”.
“I’m an American”.
Now, the word ‘American’ starts with the
vowel ‘a’, so we have to say ‘an’.
“I’m an American”.
And “I’m an animal lover”.
Again, same thing.
‘Animal’ starts with the vowel ‘a’,
so we have to put ‘an’.
“I’m an animal lover”.
And that means someone who loves animals.
I love dogs and cats and other animals.
So, “I’m an animal lover”.
Okay…
Well, that’s it and thank you for watching.
And I’ll see you guys next time.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
subjective pronouns, ‘be’ verbs, and how
to use them with the word ‘not’.
Okay…
So, let’s look at the board to help us out.
Now the first sentence says, “I’m not
a student”.
‘Not’ means it’s not true.
No.
So remember, “I’m a student” means ‘yes’.
“I’m a student”.
I go to school and I learn.
“I’m not a student” means ‘no’.
“I’m a teacher” or “No, I’m not
a student”.
Okay…
Now, notice, we first have the subjective
pronoun and the ‘be’ verb.
Then, we put ‘not’.
Okay…
‘Not’ comes after.
And then we have the noun.
Okay…
“I’m not a student”.
Now, also, listen carefully.
“Not a…” sounds like one word.
“I’m not a student”.
“Not a…”.
Okay, let’s look at the next one.
“He’s not a student”.
“She’s not a student”.
“It’s not a dog”.
Remember, ‘it’ is used for place, thing
or animal.
So, “It’s not a dog”.
Okay…
“You’re not a student”.
Okay, the next one is a little bit different.
We have ‘we are’.
“We’re”.
Now, remember, ‘we’ means more than one.
Many.
Okay…
So we say “students”.
We put an ‘s’ and we don’t put an ‘a’
in front.
“We’re not students”.
Okay…and ‘they’re’ is the same thing.
It means more than one.
So, “They’re not students”.
“They’re not students”.
Okay, we’re going to look at some more examples.
I want you to listen carefully and repeat
after the examples.
Let’s start with the first one.
“I’m not”.
“I’m not a boy”.
“I’m not a girl”.
“He’s not”.
“He’s not a man”.
“He’s not a boy”.
“She’s not”.
“She’s not a woman”.
“She’s not a girl”.
“It’s not”.
“It’s not a chair”.
“It’s not a cat”.
“You’re not”.
“You’re not a singer”
“You’re not a singer”.
“You’re not a friend”.
“We’re not”.
“We’re not sisters”.
“We’re not brothers”.
“They’re not”.
“They’re not people”.
“They’re not cars”.
Okay, so in this video, we learned how to
use subjective pronouns with the ‘be’
verb and how to use them with the word ‘not’.
Okay…
So, I wrote some sentences about myself using
what we learned.
So remember, “I’m not a…”.
Okay…
“I’m not a boy”.
“I’m not a student”.
“I’m not a Canadian”.
And the last one.
“I’m not a loser”.
Okay…
So that was a little bit about me.
Thanks for watching and I’ll see you guys
next time.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, I’m going to talk about how
to make questions using subjective pronouns
and ‘be’ verbs.
Okay…
So, let’s take a look at the board.
So, this example sentence says.
“I’m a student”.
Okay…
Remember, “I’m” is just a contraction
for “I am”.
Okay…
So, “I’m a student”.
“I am a student”.
They mean the same thing.
Now when we want to make a question, we just
have to make a simple change.
It’s very easy.
All you have to do is put the ‘be’ verb
in the front.
Okay…
So, “Am I a student?”.
“Am I a student?”.
The ‘be’ verb comes in the front.
Okay…
I also want you to listen to my intonation.
When I say it in a sentence, “I’m a student”.
“I’m a student”.
Okay, then when I say it in a question.
“Am I a student?”.
Notice my intonation goes up for the question.
Okay, now there are two possible answers for
this question.
“Am I a student?”.
The answers you can say are:
“Yes, I am”.
Okay…
And, “No, I’m not”.
“No, I’m not”.
Okay…
We’re going to look at some more examples.
Please make sure you repeat after each example.
Let’s look at the first one.
“Am I…?”.
“Am I a girl?”.
“Yes, I am”.
“Am I a boy?”.
“No, I’m not”.
“Am I a singer?”.
“Yes, I am”.
“Am I a friend?”.
“No, I’m not”.
Okay…
Now, we’re going to talk about “he is”
and “she is” and how to use them in questions.
So let’s look at the sentence on the board.
“He’s a doctor”.
Or…
“She’s a doctor”.
Remember, “he’s” and “she’s” are
contractions for “he is” and “she is”.
The ‘be’ verb there is ‘is’.
So, when we make a question, we have to move
the ‘be’ verb to the front.
Okay…
So we put ‘is’ in the front.
“Is he a doctor?”.
“Is she a doctor?”.
Okay…
Very easy.
Just put the ‘be’ verb in the front.
Now I want you to listen to the intonation
again.
“He’s a doctor”.
Okay…
The intonation is going down.
“Is he a doctor?”.
In the question, again, the intonation goes
up.
Okay…
Now when you answer, they are several possible
answers you can give.
So…
“Yes, he is”.
Or…
“Yes, she is”.
Okay…
That’s easy.
When you come to know, this is where it gets
a little tricky, but you can do it.
“No, he isn’t”.
Okay, “isn’t” is a contraction for “is
not”.
Okay…
“No, he isn’t”.
Or…
“No, she isn’t”.
Okay, so you can use “she isn’t”, “he
isn’t”.
Another answer you can give is “No, he’s
not”.
Or…
“No, she’s not”.
You already know this is a contraction for
‘he is’ and ‘she is’.
So, “No, he’s not”.
“No, she’s not”.
Okay…
So these are both common.
And they’re both ok to use.
Okay…
So, remember, we can give two different answers
for ‘no’.
Alright, now we’re going to look at some
more examples.
Please make sure you repeat after each example.
“Is he…?”, “Is she…?”.
“Is he a man?”
“Yes, he is”.
“Is he a cowboy?”.
“No, he isn’t.”
“Is she a woman?”
“Yes, she is”.
“Is she a cowgirl?”.
“No, she’s not.
Okay…
Now, we’re going to move on to ‘it is’.
And how to use that in a question.
So, let’s look at the board.
“It’s a dog”.
Okay, we have the contraction “it’s”.
Remember, “it’s” is a contraction for
“it is”.
The ‘be’ verb is ‘is’.
When we make a question, remember, we have
to put the ‘be’ verb in the front.
“Is it a dog?”
Okay…
The intonation goes up for the question.
“Is it a dog?”
Okay…
Now, there are several answer you can give.
The first one is “Yes, it is”.
“Yes, it is”.
Okay…
When you say “no”, you can give two answers.
“No, it isn’t”.
Remember, “isn’t” is a contraction for
“is not”.
Okay…
We can also say “No, it’s not”.
“No, it’s not”.
“It’s” is a contraction for “it is”.
Okay…
So again, remember, we have these two answers
for ‘no’, but they’re both common and
they’re both ok to use when you say “no”.
Okay…
We’re going to look at some more examples.
Please make sure you follow and repeat after
each one.
“Is it…?”.
“Is it a book?”.
“Yes, it is”.
“Is it a chair?”.
“No, it isn’t”.
“Is it a shoe?”.
“Yes, it is”.
“Is it a car?”.
“No, it’s not”.
Okay…
Now, we’re going to move on to “you are”
and put that in a question.
Okay…
On the board the sentence says.
“You’re a boy”.
Remember, “you’re” is a contraction
for “you are”.
The ‘be’ verb is ‘are’.
So we have to put that in the front of the
question.
“Are you a boy?”
Okay…
When we answer, it’s very simple.
We can say, “Yes, I am” or “No, I’m
not”.
Okay…
We’re going to look at some more examples.
Please follow and repeat after each one.
“Are you…?”.
“Are you a Korean?”.
“Yes, I am”
“Are you a clown?”.
“No, I’m not”.
“Are you a nurse?”.
“Yes, I am”
“Are you a dancer?”.
“No, I’m not”.
Okay…
Now, let’s talk about “we are” and how
to use that in a question.
Okay…
So the sentence here says, “We’re teachers”.
“We’re” is a contraction fro “we are”.
So the ‘be’ verb ‘are’ goes in the
front.
“Are we teachers?”
Okay…
When we answer, we can say several things.
“Yes, we are”.
Or…
“No, we aren’t”.
Listen…”aren’t”.
“Aren’t” is a contraction for “are
not”.
Or we can say, “No, we’re not”.
“No, we’re not”.
And you know “We’re” is a contraction
for “we are”.
Okay…
We’re going to look at some more examples.
Please repeat after each one.
“Are we…?”.
“Are we boys?”.
“Yes, we are”.
“Are we girls?”.
“No, we aren’t”.
“Are we friends?”.
“Yes, we are”.
“Are we pro-gamers?”.
“No, we aren’t”.
Okay…
Now, we’re moving on to ‘they are’ in
a question.
The sentence on the board says, “They’re
friends”.
Remember, ‘They’re’ is a contraction
for ‘they are’.
The ‘b’ verb ‘are’ goes in the front
of the question.
“Are they friends?”
Okay…
Now when we answer, we can say, “Yes, they
are”.
“Yes, they are”.
Or, we can say, “No, they aren’t”.
“No, they aren’t”.
‘Aren’t’ is a contraction for ‘are
not’.
The last thing we can say is “No, they’re
not”.
“No, they’re not”.
‘They’re’ is a contraction for ‘they
are’.
These two answers for ‘no’ are both correct.
And they’re both common.
So you can say either one.
Okay…
We’re going to look at some more examples
now.
Please repeat after each example.
“Are they…?”
“Are they tourists?”
“Yes, they are.”
“Are they dogs?”
“No, they aren’t.”
“Are they computers?”
“Yes, they are.”
“Are they birds?”
“No, they’re not.”
Okay…
In this lesson, we learned how to change a
subjective pronoun and a ‘b’ verb into
a question.
Remember, when you’re making a question,
you have to put the ‘b’ verb in the beginning.
Okay…
Alright, that’s the end of this video.
Thanks for watching.
Bye.
Okay, so this is a review video.
We learned about subjective pronouns and ‘be’
verbs.
We also learned how to use them in a negative
sentence and in a question.
So, let’s look at the board for review.
“I am a teacher.”
Remember, ‘am’ is the ‘b’ verb.
Okay, we also learned contractions: “I’m”.
“I’m a teacher.”
Okay, this is a negative sentence.
“I’m not a teacher.”
Remember, ‘not’ goes after the ‘b’
verb.
Okay…
And here’s a question.
“Am I a teacher?”
Remember, the ‘be’ verb comes in the front
for a question.
Okay…
We’re going to listen to some more examples.
I want you to repeat after each one.
Okay…
Let’s look at some examples.
“He is a king.”
“He’s a king.”
“He’s not a king.”
“Is he a king?”
Next.
“She is a queen.”
“She’s a queen.”
“She’s not a queen.”
“Is she a queen?”
Next.
“It is a monkey.”
“It’s a monkey.”
“It’s not a monkey.”
“Is it a monkey?”
Next.
“You are a cook.”
“You’re a cook.”
“You’re not a cook.”
“Are you a cook?”
Next.
“We are friends.”
“We’re friends.”
“We’re not friends.”
“Are we friends?”
And last.
“They are monkeys.”
“They’re monkeys.”
“They’re not monkeys.”
“Are they monkeys?”
Okay…
So that was our review of subjective pronouns,
‘be’ verbs, how to use them with ‘not’,
and how to use them in questions.
I really hope that you repeated each example
that I gave because pronunciation is very
important.
Now, if you didn’t, you should go back and
watch it again and repeat.
Okay…
Well that’s all.
Thank you.
Bye.
Okay…
This is a checkup for subjective pronouns
and ‘be’ verbs.
Let’s take a look at the board.
The first sentence.
“___, are bags.”
Now, bags are things.
So we can’t say “he” or “she” or,
you know, any of those.
We have to use “it” or “they”.
Now, we have “are….bags”.
With an ‘s’.
So that means more than one.
We have to use ‘they’.
“They are bags.”
Okay…
The next sentence we have an animal.
“____ is a dog.”
Okay…
But, just one.
Right?
’a’ dog.
So this time we use ‘it’.
“It is a dog.”
Now let’s look at these two.
“The girl is an artist.”
We have ‘the girl’.
What is the subjective pronoun for one girl?
“She.”
“She is an artist.”
The two sentences have the same meaning.
They’re the same.
Okay, and on the bottom, we have a question.
When we ask a question, we have to put the
‘be’ verb first.
“Are ___ pandas?”
With an ‘s’.
That means more than one.
So, we say, “they”.
“Are they pandas?”
“Yes, ____ are.”
Again plural.
So we just use the same.
“They.”
“Yes, they are.”
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, now we’re going to focus on negatives
and questions.
Okay, the first sentence says, “I’m a
student”.
Okay, “I am…I’m a student”.
Okay…
What if I’m a teacher?
Okay, it’s not true.
I need ‘not’.
Right…
Remember, ‘not’ goes after the ‘be’
verb.
“I am…am not.”
And then the noun.
“…a student.”
“I’m not a student.”
Okay…
“They are teachers.”
And now we have some other people…and that’s
not true.
“They are not teachers.”
Again, after the ‘be’ verb ‘are’ and
before the noun ‘teachers’.
“They are not teachers.”
Okay…
Now, I’m going to ask you a question.
And you have to answer.
“Are you a student?”
Well, you’re taking my class, you’re learning
English.
So, “Yes, I am.”
Okay, you should say, “Yes, I am.”
But how about this one?
“Are you a monkey?”
Of course the answer is “No, I’m not”.
“No, I’m not”.
Okay, let’s move on to the last part.
Okay…
Now for this last part, we’re going to look
at some sentences, but there’s something
wrong in all of these sentences.
So you have to find the mistakes.
The first sentence says, “I’m student”.
Okay, look, “student”.
There’s no ‘s’.
That means just one.
Just one.
So remember, if there’s just one, we have
to put ‘a’.
“I’m a student.”
Let’s look at the next one.
“They are student”.
Okay…
This one says “They are”.
This means there is more than one.
More than one student.
So, what do we have to do?
We have to say “They are….students”.
We have to put an ‘s’ to show there’s
more than one student.
“She aren’t a baby.”
“She.”
That’s one person.
One girl or woman.
“…a baby.”
That’s one person.
But we put “aren’t”.
Now that’s wrong.
We have to say….”isn’t”.
“She isn’t a baby”.
“You isn’t a cat”.
Now, for the subjective pronoun ‘you’,
we have to have the ‘be’ verb ‘are’.
So not “You isn’t a cat”, but “You
aren’t….a cat”.
“You aren’t a cat.”
Okay…
“Are it a cat?”
“…a cat.”
That’s one animal.
So, do we need ‘are’?
No, we need the ‘be’ verb ‘is’.
“Is it a cat?”
Okay, so that was the checkup for subjective
pronouns and ‘be’ verbs.
I hope you guys understood and I’ll see
you in the next video.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, we’re going to learn how
to make questions using ‘what’ and ‘be’
verbs.
Okay…
Now when we have one thing, we have to use
the ‘be’ verb ‘is’.
“What is it?”
“It is a watch.”
It’s one thing, so I have to say ‘a’.
“a watch.”
I can also use the contraction for ‘it is’,
“it’s”.
Okay, now listen.
“It’s a ….”
“It’s a watch.”
“What is it?”
“It’s a marker.”
Okay…
Now, there are two highlighters.
Okay, two.
We use ‘are’.
“What are they?”
“They are highlighters.”
We have more than one, so we have to say “are”.
And we have to put an ‘s’ at the end.
Again, we can use a contraction for ‘they
are’: “they’re”.
“They’re highlighters.”
“What are they?”
“They’re markers.”
Okay…
We’re going to look at some examples and
I’m going to ask some questions.
We please try to answer them.
Listen carefully and answer with “It’s
a” or “They’re”.
Let’s look at the first one.
“What is it?”
“It’s a key.”
“What are they?”
“They’re keys.”
“What is it?”
“It’s a chair.”
“What are they?”
“They’re chairs.”
“What is it?”
“It’s a cat.”
“What are they?”
“They’re cats.”
“What is it?”
“It’s a house.”
“What are they?”
“They’re houses.”
Okay…
Now let’s focus on pronunciation and saying
these fast.
Okay…
English speakers speak very quickly, so you
have to practice as well.
Okay…
“What is it?”
Okay, let’s try it faster three times
It sounds like one word.
Okay, and the answer is also very fast.
“It’s a…”
“It’s a pencil.”
“It’s a chair.”
“It’s a marker.”
Okay…
When we have more than one, we say, “What
are they?”.
Let’s do it fast three times.
“What are they?”
Okay…
And when you answer.
“They’re…”
“They’re pencils”
“They’re chairs”
“They’re markers”
Okay, so this video was ‘what’ and ‘be’
verbs.
I hope you understood and I’ll see you in
the next video.
Bye.
Hi, everybody, and welcome.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
‘this’ and ‘that’.
Now ‘this’ and ‘that’ are used to
talk about nouns that are close to us, near
or far away.
Okay…
So let’s look at the board.
“This is a flower.”
Okay, we use ‘this’ to talk about one
noun, “a flower”, that is close.
Okay…
“This is a flower.”
It’s not far.
It’s close.
“That is a flower.”
Okay, we use ‘that’ to talk about one
noun that’s far away.
So, “That….that is a flower”.
Okay…
For another example…
“This is a marker.”
It’s close to me.
But, “That….that is a marker”.
It’s far away.
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, so we know…
“This is a flower.”
Okay…
And “That is a flower….that”.
Now, “Is this a flower”?
“What is it?”
“It’s a chair.”
So we have to use the negative.
“This isn’t a flower.”
It’s close by, but it isn’t a flower.
‘isn’t’ is a contraction for ‘is not’.
Okay…
“This isn’t a flower.”
“This is a chair.”
“That isn’t a flower.”
It’s far away, so we say “that”.
Again, we have ‘isn’t’, ‘a flower’.
“That’s a chair.”
And let’s take another example.
“This isn’t a pencil.”
“This is a marker.”
And…
“That isn’t a pencil.”
“That is a marker.”
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, now we’re going to learn how to use
‘this’ and ‘that’ in a question.
Okay…
So we know “This is a flower”.
When we make a question, we have to switch.
We put the ‘be’ verb first.
So it becomes, “Is this a flower?”.
Okay, it’s close by.
So the answer is, “Yes, it is”.
Okay…
“Is that a flower?”
It’s far away.
The answer is, “Yes, it is”.
Okay, but how about this?
“This isn’t a flower.”
“Is this a flower?”.
The answer is “No, it isn’t”.
“Is that a flower?”
“No, it isn’t.”
Okay, here.
“Is this a marker?”.
“Yes, it is.”
“Is that a marker?”.
“Is this a pencil?”.
“No, it isn’t.”
“Is that a pencil?”.
Okay, so we learned ‘this’ and ‘that’
in this video.
I hope you guys understand and I’ll see
you in the next video.
Bye.
Hi, everybody and welcome to this video.
We’re going to talk about how to use ‘these’
and ‘those’.
Okay…
Uhhh, just like we learned with ‘this’
and ‘that’, we use ‘these’ and ‘those’
to talk about nouns that are close to us or
far from us.
Okay…
So, let’s take a look at the board.
Now, we know if there is just one, and it’s
close to us, we say, “This is a flower”.
Okay…
But there’s more than one.
It’s plural.
So we have to say, “These”.
“These are flowers.”
Again, more than one.
Now, I change the ‘be’ verb to ‘are’
and I added an ‘s’ at the end of ‘flower’.
So, “These are flowers.”
Okay…
Now, there’s one that’s far away.
We say, “That is a flower.”
But, again, there’s more than one.
“There are two flowers”
So, in that case, we use, “Those are flowers.”
“Those are flowers.”
They’re far away.
Let’s look at these.
“This is a marker.”
“These are markers.”
“That is a marker.”
“Those are markers.”
Okay…
Let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, so we know “These are flowers”.
They’re close by.
And for the flowers that are far away, we
say, “Those are flowers”.
Okay…
But over here we have ‘chairs’.
So, we have to use the negative.
Okay…
We use the contraction ‘aren’t’ which
is short for ‘are not’.
“These aren’t flowers.”
Okay, and for the chairs that are far away,
we say, “Those aren’t flowers”.
“Those aren’t flowers.”
Okay, and let’s try with the markers.
“These aren’t pens.”
Okay, and far away.
“Those aren’t pens.”
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, now we’re going to make some questions.
We know, “These are flowers”.
When you want to make a question, you have
to change ‘these are’ and put the ‘be’
verb first.
So, it becomes, “Are these flowers?”.
“Are these flowers?”
And the answer is “Yes, they are.”
Okay, now the flowers are far away.
So we say, “Are those flowers?”.
“Are those flowers?”
And again, the answer is “Yes, they are.”
Okay…
Now here, we have chairs.
“Are these flowers?”
The answer is “No, they aren’t.”
Okay, now they’re far away.
“Are those flowers?”
And again, the answer is “No, they aren’t.”
How about these?
“Are these markers?”
“Yes, they are.”
“Are those markers?”
“Are these pens?”
“No, they aren’t.”
“Are those pens?”
Okay, so in this video, we learned how to
use ‘these’ and ‘those’.
I hope you guys understand and I’ll see
you in the next video.
Bye.
Okay, let’s do some practice with ‘this’,
‘that’, ‘these’, and ‘those’.
First, I have this pen.
I have to say, “This is a pen.”
“This is a pen.”
Okay…
Over there, “That is a pen.”
“That is a pen.”
Now, I have two pens.
“These are pens.”
Okay, I’m going to move them far away.
“Those are pens.”
Okay, let’s move on to questions.
I have one pen.
“Is this a pen?”
“Yes, it is.”
“Is this a cookie?”
“No, it isn’t.”
“Is that a pen?”
“Yes, it is.”
“Is that a cookie?”
“No, it isn’t.”
Okay, two pens.
“Are these pens?”
“Yes, they are.”
“Are these cookies?”
“No, they aren’t.”
Okay, now they’re over here.
“Are those pens?”
Yes, they are?”
“Are those cookies?”
“No, they aren’t.”
Okay, so that was our practice for ‘this’,
‘that’, ‘these’, and ‘those’.
I hope you guys understood and I’ll see
you in the next video.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, we’re going to learn about
possessive adjectives.
We use possessive adjectives to show that
something belongs to me or something belongs
to someone else.
I own something or someone owns something.
Okay…
So let’s take a look at the board.
Now last time we learned about subjective
pronouns and here they are.
‘I’, ‘he’, ‘she’, ‘it’, ‘you’,
‘we’, ‘they’.
And here are the possessive adjectives.
Okay…
‘My’.
We use ‘my’ to show that something belongs
to me.
Okay…
‘His’.
This means that something belongs to one man
or one boy.
‘Her’.
We use that to show something belongs to one
woman or one girl.
‘Its’.
We use ‘its’ to show that something belongs
to an animal.
We use ‘your’ to show that something belongs
to you.
Okay…
‘Our’.
‘Our’ means that something belongs to
me and you or me and somebody else.
Okay, or me and other people.
Okay, and last.
We use ‘their’ to show that something
belongs to many people.
Okay, not me, but many people.
Okay, now I want you to pay attention to three
special words.
‘Its’, ‘your’ and ‘their’.
Now I want you to notice these words sound
like other words.
So you have to be careful not to get them
confused.
And I’m going to explain.
‘Its’ sounds like the contraction for
‘it is’; ‘it’s’.
Okay, so, don’t get that confused.
‘Your’ sounds like the contraction for
‘you are’ ‘you’re’.
Okay…
So make sure you use this one to show possession.
And the last word, ‘their’, it actually
sounds like two other words.
The contraction for ‘they are’ ‘they’re’
or the word t-h-e-r-e, the other word ‘there’.
Okay…
So please don’t get those confused.
Now I know all of this sounds very hard, but
if you practice with me, I’m sure you’ll
understand.
So let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, let’s practice together.
Now, here I have a marker.
It belongs to me.
So, I have to say, “This is my marker.”
“This isn’t your marker.”
“This is my marker.”
Okay, let’s look at this boy.
He has a hat.
So, I have to say, “This is his hat.”
“This is his hat.”
“This isn’t my hat.”
“This isn’t your hat.”
Okay…
And this girl has a dress.
So, “This is her dress.”
“This is her dress.”
“This isn’t my dress.”
“This isn’t your dress.”
Okay, in this picture there’s an animal;
a dog…and it has a ball.
I have to say, “This is its ball.”
“This is its ball.”
“This isn’t my ball.”
and “This isn’t your ball.”
Now, in this picture, we have two people.
Okay, and they both own this house.
So, “This is their house.”
“This is their house.”
Okay, now a little bit farther away, we have
three books.
Okay…
And this boy and girl have the books here.
So, we have to say “those” and because
we have more than one, we have to use ‘are’.
Okay…
“Those are their books.”
“Those aren’t my books.”
“Those aren’t your books.”
Okay…
And the last one.
Here’s the county Korea.
Okay, we all live here.
So we say, “This is our country.”
“This is our country.”
Okay, let’s move on to the next part for
some more practice.
Okay, here are some practice sentences.
We’re going to put possessive adjectives
on these lines.
Okay…
So, let’s try together.
“I put candy in ____ mouth.”
Okay, this is a mouth.
“I put candy in ……” What should we
put?
“my mouth.”
Okay, next.
“John.”
John is one man or boy.
“John lost ____ bag.”
Okay, for one man or boy, we say, “his”.
“John lost his bag.”
Okay, “The parents…”
That’s more than one person.
That’s two people.
So, “The parents love ____ baby.”
We have to put…….”their”.
“The parents love their baby.”
Okay…
And here, “The dog…”
Okay, ‘the dog’ is an animal.
So, “The dog eats ____ food.”
What do we put?
We have to say, “its”.
“The dog eats its food.”
Okay, let’s look at some more examples.
Let’s continue.
“_____ names are Paul and Sam.”
Okay, we have two people, Paul and Sam.
And the plural names.
So we have to say, “Their”.
“Their names are Paul and Sam.”
Okay…
“Can I use ____ phone?”
Okay, I’m asking you.
So I have to say, “Can I use…your phone?”
Okay…
And the next one.
“_____ make-up looks good.”
Whose make-up?
Well, usually girls or women wear make-up.
So, I’m going to say, “Her make-up looks
good.”
Okay, and…
“_____ videos are helpful to you.”
Okay, these are the videos that we make.
Right?
We teach English in these videos.
So, the answer is “our”.
“Our videos are helpful to you.”
or we sure hope they are.
Okay, so in this video, we learned how to
use possessive adjectives.
Don’t forget you have to put a noun after
each one.
I hope you understand and I hope to see you
in the next video.
Bye.
Hi, everybody and welcome.
In this video, we’re going to learn about
possessive pronouns.
Okay…
And we use possessive pronouns to show that
something belongs to us
or something is owned by us.
Okay, or someone else.
So, let’s take a look at the board.
Now, last time we learned about subjective
pronouns.
And here they are.
Okay…
And in another video, we talked about possessive
adjectives.
And here they are.
Okay…
And over here are the possessive pronouns
that we’re going to talk about in this video.
Now, possessive adjectives and possessive
pronouns are the same.
They show possession.
Which means, I own something.
Something belongs to me…or to someone else.
Okay…
The only difference is that they’re used
a little differently.
For possessive adjectives, you have to put
a noun after.
Okay…
“My dog.”
But for possessive pronouns, you don’t have
to put a noun after it.
Okay, you can just say “mine”.
Okay…
So let’s go through each one.
“My.
Mine.”
Okay…
And this is the same.
“His.
His.”
Okay…
For ‘her’, we say “hers”.
We add an ‘s’.
“Hers.”
“Its.
Its.”
Again, it’s the same.
“Your.
Yours.”
We have to put an ‘s’.
“Yours.”
“Our.
Ours.”
and “Their.
Theirs.”
Okay, again, I know that this can be really
confusing, but let’s practice some more.
Okay…
And let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, let’s practice together.
Now, “This is my marker.”
But with possessive pronouns, you do not have
to put a noun after.
Okay, so I can say, “This is mine.”
“This isn’t yours.”
“This is mine.”
Okay, let’s look at the board.
This boy has a hat.
So we say, “This is his.”
“This isn’t mine.”
“This isn’t yours.”
“This is his.”
The girl has a dress.
“This is hers.”
“This isn’t mine.”
“This isn’t yours.”
“This is hers.”
Okay…
Now with ‘its’, it’s kind of different.
You still have to put a noun, so you can’t
say, “This is its.”
You have to say, “This is its ball.”
Again, “This is its ball.”
“This isn’t mine.”
“This isn’t yours.”
“This is its ball.”
Okay…
Now we have two people who have a house.
“This is theirs.”
“This isn’t mine.”
“This isn’t yours.”
“This is theirs.”
Okay…
Now over here, we have some books and we’re
going to say that they belong to these two
people.
Okay…
So we’re going to use the plural ‘be’
verb; ‘are’.
Okay…
“These are theirs.”
“These aren’t mine.”
“These aren’t yours.”
“These are theirs.”
Okay…
And last, we have a picture of Korea.
“This is ours.”
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, let’s look at these examples.
We have to put in some possessive pronouns.
Okay…
“That lipstick is _____.”
Okay, well we have the noun ‘lipstick’
and usually a girl or woman wears lipstick,
so we’re going to use the possessive pronoun
‘hers’.
Okay…
“That lipstick is hers.”
The next sentence.
“That sports car is _____.”
Okay…
Again, usually a man will drive a sports car.
So, we can say, “That sports car is his.”
Okay…
Now, let’s look at these last two.
“This money is mine, not yours.”
“This money is mine, it belongs to me.”
“It doesn’t belong to you.”
Not yours.
Okay…
And the last one.
“Dokdo is ours.”
It’s Koreas.
Right…
“Not theirs.”
Not Japans.
“It belongs to us.”
So we say, “It’s ours.”
Okay, so in this video, we learned possessive
pronouns.
I hope you understand and I’ll see you in
the next video.
Bye.
This is a checkup for ‘this’, ‘that’,
‘these’, ‘those’, possesive adjectives,
and possessive pronouns.
Okay…
Now here, I want you to focus on ‘this’,
‘that’, ‘these’, and ‘those’.
Okay, so here’s the first example.
We have a dog.
One dog.
So we have to use ‘this’ or ‘that’.
Okay…
If it’s close, I say, “This is a dog.”
If it’s far away, I say, “That is a dog.”
So, I’m going to write ‘this’.
Okay…
The next one says, “…are balloons.”
“…are balloons.”
With an ‘s’.
There’s more than one.
So can we use ‘this’ or ‘that’?
No.
We have to use ‘these’ or ‘those’.
So, if it’s close, I say “These are balloons.”
If they are far, “Those are balloons.”
Okay…
So let’s write ‘those’.
“Those are balloons.”
Okay…
Now when we ask the question “Are these
pens?”, we have more than one.
“These pens.”
With an ‘s’.
Okay…
I can put two answers here.
“No, ___ aren’t.”
I can say “No, these aren’t.”
Or…
I can say “No, they aren’t.”
Okay…
The next one.
“These ____ eyes.”
We need a ‘be’ verb.
Okay…
There’s more than one.
Right, there are two eyes.
So, “These are eyes.”
Okay…
And here “…is a nose.”
One.
A nose.
And it’s close.
So, I have to say “This is a nose.”
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay…
We’re going to do some more checkup.
Now here I want you to focus on possessive
adjectives and possessive pronouns.
Let’s look at the first example.
“These are my pen.”
Okay…
We have ‘these…are’.
This means we need more than one.
Right…
More than one pen.
So, we have to put ‘s’.
“These are my pens.”
Okay…
Let’s look at these two together.
“Those aren’t her children.”
Okay…
So we can also say, “Those aren’t ____.”
What do we put?
“… her children.”
We can always say, “Those aren’t hers.”
Okay…
We don’t need a noun here.
We do need a noun over here, though.
Okay…
Then, “Is it yours?”
“Is it yours?”
“Yes, it’s _____.”
There’s no noun.
We have to say…”mine”.
“Is it yours?”
“Yes, it’s mine.”
Okay…
And the last two…
” _____ these his shoes?”
We need a ‘be’ verb here.
We have ‘these’ and we have ‘shoes’
with an ‘s’.
So we need the plural ‘be’ verb.
“Are”.
“Are these his shoes?”
Okay…
And the answer.
“No, they…”
Plural.
“…are.”
We have ‘no’.
“No, they aren’t”
Okay…
“Are not, aren’t”.
Let’s move on to the next part.
Okay…
For this last part, we’re going to look
at these sentences.
But, they’re all wrong.
They all have mistakes.
So you have to find the mistakes for me.
Okay…
So, the first one says, “That are chairs.”
Hmmmm, we know that’s wrong.
‘That’ is used for singular nouns.
One.
But, it say “are” and it says “chairs”
with an ‘s’.
So, we have to change this word.
We can say, “These are chairs.”
or “Those are chairs.”
Okay…
“This book is my.”
Hmm.
We have the possessive pronoun ‘my’.
But remember, you have to have a noun after,
but there’s no noun.
So, we can change this to the possessive adjective
‘mine’.
Okay…
You don’t need a noun if you say ‘mine’.
“That is he house.”
Hmm.
We want to show that this house belongs to
this man or boy.
“That is he house.”
But, this word ‘he’, does not show possession.
Okay…
So, we say, “This is his house.”
‘His’, then the noun ‘house’.
Similarly, for the next one.
“She name is Jenny.”
We want to show that this name belongs to
Jenny.
So, we say…”her”.
“Her name is Jenny.”
Okay, and the last one is also similar.
“It’s ours house.”
Now, if we don’t have ‘house’, “It’s
ours.”
We can say that.
But since we have a noun,… we use the possessive
pronoun, “It’s ‘our’ house.”
Okay…
That was the checkup for possessive pronouns,
possessive adjectives, ‘this’, ‘that’,
‘these’, and ‘those’.
I hope you understood and I’ll see you in
the next video.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
the articles; ‘a’, ‘an’ and ‘the’.
Now this can be very confusing, so please
make sure you pay careful attention.
We use articles in front of nouns.
Okay, so remember that and let’s look at
the board.
First, we use ‘a’ or ‘an’ when we’re
talking about any one thing.
For example, let’s say I say, “A banana
is delicious.”
Okay, that means all bananas.
Any banana is delicious.
“A banana is delicious.”
Okay, let’s jump over here.
If I’m talking about a specific banana…maybe
I have a banana in my hand.
It’s specific, not any banana, this one.
I have to use ‘the’,
“The banana is old.”
Okay…
This one.
I can’t say, “A banana is old.”
Then that means all bananas are old.
And that’s not true.
Just this one.
So, I say, “The banana is old.”
Okay, let’s move over here.
We also use ‘a’ or ‘an’ when we’re
talking about something for the first time.
So, I have another example here.
“I watched a movie.”
Okay…
I’m talking about this movie for the first
time, so I have to use “…a movie”.
But, if I want to talk about this movie again,
for the second time, or the third time or
fourth, fifth…it doesn’t matter.
I have to use ‘the’.
“The movie was fun.”
I’m talking about this one.
The specific.
“The movie was fun.”
I can’t say, “A movie was fun.”
That means all movies are fun.
That’s not true.
“The movie was fun.”
Okay, and I also use ‘the’ when I’m
talking about a noun where there’s only
one and only.
Okay…
For example, there’s only one sun.
Okay, when I look at the sky, there’s only
one sun.
So, I say, “The sun.”
“The sun is hot.”
I cannot say, “A sun.”
That’s wrong.
When there’s one and only, we say, “The
sun.”
Okay…
Let’s look at some more examples.
The first example says, “A lion is dangerous.”
I have to use ‘a’ because I’m talking
about any one lion.
Any lion is dangerous.
All lions are dangerous.
So, I use ‘a’.
The next sentence says, “It’s a dog.”
I’m talking about this dog for the first
time, so I use ‘a’.
Now, I’m talking about this dog for the
second time.
So, I say, “The dog is cute.”
Okay…
Here’s a similar example.
“It’s an ant.”
Well, I used ‘an’ because we have ‘ant’,
which start with a vowel.
And I’m talking about this ant for the first
time.
“It’s an ant.”
Now, I’m talking about this ant again.
“The ant is small.”
“The ant…”, this one, “…is small.”
Okay, and the last one.
“It’s the moon.”
I have to say, “the moon” because there’s
only one moon.
I cannot say, “a moon”.
“It’s the moon.
The moon…”, only one, “…is round.”
Okay…
Let’s look at some more examples.
Okay, we have some more examples, but this
time I want you to think about whether we
should put ‘a’, ‘an’ or ‘the’.
Okay…
So, “I see ____ desk and ___ chair.”
We don’t know which desk and chair.
And it’s the first time I’m talking about
them.
So, we have to put ‘a’.
“I see a desk and a chair.”
The next one.
“I see ____ octopus.”
Okay, this is the same.
It’s the first time I’m talking about
this octopus.
So, do I put ‘a’ or ‘an’?
Well here we have the vowel ‘o’.
So we have to put “‘an’ octopus”.
“I see an octopus.”
Okay, the next one.
“It’s ___ pen.”
Okay, it’s the same.
It’s the first time, so I say, “a pen”.
Now, I’m talking about the pen for the second
time.
So I say, “The pen is red.”
Okay, I’m talking about this one.
So I say, “the”.
Okay, similarly…
“She is ____ girl.”
What do I say?
“A girl.”
We’re talking about her for the first time.
Okay…
And now we’re talking about this girl again,
for the second time.
So, I have to say, “The girl is pretty.”
And the last example.
“I can see ___ sky.”
Now, we only have one sky.
Right…
So, if there’s only one and only, we have
to put the article ‘the’.
“I can see the sky.”
Okay…
So in this video, we talked about the articles
‘a’, ‘an’ and ‘the’.
I hope you understand and I’ll see you in
the next video.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
the prepositions: in, on and under.
Now, we use prepositions to show ‘where’
something is.
So, let’s take a look at the board.
Okay, now in this picture, we have a cat.
Okay, and we’re talking about this specific
cat, so we have to say “the cat”.
Okay…
“…is in the box.”
The preposition is ‘in’.
“He’s ‘in’ the box.”
“…’in’ the box.”
Okay…
And the next one.
“The cat is on…”
The preposition ‘on’…”the chair”.
“He’s on the chair.”
Okay…
And the next one.
“The cat is ‘under’…..’under’
the table.”
“…’under’ the table.”
Okay…
Let’s look at the next one.
Now we have plural nouns.
“The apples ‘are’…”
Okay…
“…in the box.”
Again, the apples are “…’in’ the box.”
Okay…
Next, “The apples are ‘on’ the chair.”
And last.
“The apples are ‘under’….’under’
the table.”
Okay, let’s look at some more examples.
Okay, let’s look at some pictures to help
us understand the prepositions: in, on, and
under.
I’m going to ask you some questions.
I want you to think about which one you should
use.
Okay…
“Where is the dog?”
“The dog is ‘in’ the doghouse.
You should use the preposition ‘in’.
“Where is the man?”
“The man is ‘under’ the umbrella.”
And last.
“Where are the girls?”
“The girls are ‘on’ the bridge.”
Okay…
Let’s look at some more examples.
Now, we’re going to practice asking and
answering questions using: in, on and under.
First, let’s take a look at this picture.
Here we have a rabbit, a chair and one, two,
three snakes.
Okay…
So, I will ask a question using in, on or
under.
I want you to think.
Is the answer, “Yes, it is.”
or “No, it isn’t.”
Okay…
Let’s start with the rabbit.
“Is the rabbit under the chair?”
“No, it isn’t.”
“Is the rabbit in the chair?”
“Is the rabbit on the chair?”
“…on the chair?”
“Yes, it is.”
Okay…
Now, we’re going to move on to the snakes.
Now, there are…there are more than one,
right, so it’s plural, so we say, “Are
the snakes…” with an ‘s’.
Okay…
So again, think.
Is the answer, “Yes, they are.”
or “No, they aren’t.”
“Are the snakes in the chair?”
“No, they aren’t.”
“Are the snakes on the chair?”
“Are the snakes under the chair?”
“Yes, they are.”
Okay, how did you do?
I hope you guys understand how to use the
prepositions; in, on and under after watching
this video.
Thanks for joining and I’ll see you next
time.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
adjectives.
Now, we use adjectives to describe nouns or
things.
Okay, we can describe its size, its color,
its shape or other things like that.
Okay…
So let’s take a look at the board.
The first noun we’re going to use is ‘marker’.
“It’s a marker.”
Now, I want to use an adjective to describe
the color.
“It’s a ‘black’ marker.”
‘Black’ is the adjective.
Now notice, I have to put the adjective after
the article ‘a’, but before the noun ‘marker’.
“It’s a black marker.”
Now, I can use another adjective to describe
its size.
“It’s a long marker.”
Okay…
Let’s try the next one.
Here we have a bird.
So, “It’s a bird.”
Okay…
I want to use another adjective to describe
the color.
So, I’m going to say, “It’s a blue bird.”
Again, you have to put the adjective after
the article, before the noun.
I can also describe its size.
“It’s a small bird.”
‘Small’ is another adjective.
Now, at the last part, we have some apples.
Three apples.
Okay, remember, when we have more than one
noun, it’s called a plural noun.
So, we have to say, “They’re apples.”,
with an ‘s’.
“They’re apples.”
I want to use the adjective ‘red’ to describe
the color of these apples.
So, I’m going to say, “They’re red apples.”
Okay…
Here, there’s no article.
There’s no ‘a’.
That’s because there’s more than one.
“They’re red apples.”
So, I just have to put the adjective before
the noun that it’s describing.
“They’re red apples.”
Okay, let’s move on to some more examples.
Okay…
Mow we’re going to practice asking and answering
questions using adjectives.
Okay…
So, we have a man here.
I want to ask, “Is he a small man?”
Okay…
We have the adjective ‘small’.
Notice, even in a question, we have to put
the adjective agter the article and before
the noun.
“Is he a small man?”
Well, let’s take a look at this picture.
The answer is “No, he’s a _____ man.”
We need another adjective.
He’s not a small man.
So, we have to say “No, he’s a…big man.”
Okay…
We’re going to use the adjective ‘big’.
Okay, let’s look at the next one.
“Is it a _____ table?”
The answer is “Yes, it is.”
We need an adjective to describe color, shape
or size or something.
Well, we can’t really describe the color.
So, I think we should try the shape.
Okay…
Well, “Is it a….round table?”
And the answer is “Yes, it is.”
Okay, and last, we have two dresses.
Okay…
So that means the noun is plural.
In that case, for the questions, we begin
with ‘are’.
“Are they red dresses?”
Okay, the adjective is ‘red’.
But, “Are they red dresses?”
“No, they’re…blue dresses.”
Okay…
So in this video, we learned about adjectives.
I hope you guys understand and I’ll see
you in the next video.
Bye.
This is a check-up video for articles, prepositions,
and adjectives.
I’ve written some sentences on the board.
Let’s try to finish them together.
Okay…
The first sentence says, “It’s __ ___
umbrella.”
Okay…
We have the noun.
We need an article and an adjective to describe
the umbrella.
Okay…
So here it is.
Let’s describe the color.
Okay…
We would say ‘black’.
Remember, the adjective comes before the noun.
Now we need an article.
And the correct article is ‘a’.
“It’s a black umbrella.”
Okay…
Next, “It’s ___ ___ ___.”
We have three blanks.
Here, we have the noun ‘ant’.
So we’re going to put that at the end.
Okay…
Let’s use the adjective ugly.
Remember, again, the adjective comes before
the noun.
“…ugly ant.”
“It’s __ ugly ant.”
We need an article.
Should we use ‘a’ or ‘an’?
well, ‘ugly’ starts with the vowel ‘u’,
so we have to say ‘an’.
“It’s an ugly ant.”
Next.
“It’s __ __ __.”
Okay…
We have the noun ‘car’.
So we put that at the end.
Again, let’s use an adjective that describes
the color.
Let’s use ‘blue’.
Okay…
What article should we use?
We have to say “a”.
“It’s a blue car.”
Okay, and last.
“I __ ___ nice girl.”
That’s me.
We have the noun ‘girl’…and the adjective
‘nice’.
So we need the article.
We’re going to say “a”.
Now, we’re missing one more thing.
We need the ‘be’ verb ‘am’.
“I am a nice girl.”
Okay, let’s move on to the next part.
Okay, let’s continue with the checkup.
Here’s a picture.
Okay…
Look at it carefully.
“What is it?”
“It’s __ banana.”
We need an article here.
And it’s the first time I’m talking about
this, so we’re going to say “a”.
“It’s a banana.”
“Where is ___ banana?”
Now, you know, I’m talking about this one.
It’s specific.
So, I’m going to use the article ‘the’.
“Where is the banana?”
And now, let’s think about the preposition.
“It’s __ the chair.”
We need to use the preposition ‘on’.
“It’s on the chair.”
Okay…
Let’s move on.
“What are they?”
Okay…
“They’re ____ oranges.”
We have more than one.
That’s why we said, “They are…they’re”
and “oranges”…with an ‘s’.
Okay…
Can we use ‘the’?
No, you don’t know what oranges I’m talking
about because it’s the first time I said
anything about them.
Then, can I use ‘a’ or ‘an’?
No, ‘a’ or ‘an’ is used for any one
thing.
So here we do not need any article.
“They’re oranges.”
“What are they?”
Okay…
“Where __ __ oranges?”
Now, again, you know I’m talking about these
specific oranges, so we use ‘the’.
“Where __ the oranges?”
Okay, remember, when you ask a question with
plural, you need ‘are’.
“Where are the oranges?”
Okay…
Now, let’s think about the preposition.
“They’re ___ the chair.”
Okay…
The preposition we need is ‘under’.
They’re not ‘on’, “they’re ‘under’
the chair.”
Okay, let’s move on to the last part.
Okay, let’s continue with the checkup.
Now, we have two short stories here.
You have to help me find the mistakes.
The first sentence says, “It’s snake.”
Well, we’re missing an article.
Okay…
And that article is ‘a’.
“It’s a snake.”
Okay…
“It’s blue a snake.”
Can you find the mistake?
Okay…
Remember, the adjective ‘blue’ has to
go between the article and the noun.
So we have to move the article to the front.
“It’s a blue snake.”
That is the correct answer.
Okay, the next one.
“The snake under the box.”
It sounds right.
“The snake under the box.”, but we forgot
the ‘be’ verb.
“The snake is under the box.”
Okay, let’s move on to the next story.
“It’s a octopus.”
Okay, we have an article, but octopus starts
with the vowel ‘o’.
So we have to use ‘an’.
“It’s an octopus.”
“An octopus is big.”
Hmmm…
This one’s a little bit hard.
But remember, we’re talking about the same
octopus.
So now, this octopus is specific.
So we have to change the article ‘an’
to ‘the’.
“The octopus is big.”
The octopus from the first sentence.
Last, “The octopus are under the chair.”
What’s the mistake?
“The octopus…”
There’s only one.
So we don’t use ‘are’, we have to say
“is”.
“The octopus is under the chair.”
Okay…
So that was our checkup for articles, prepositions
and adjectives.
I hope you guys understand better and I’ll
see you in the next video.
Thank you.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, we’re going to learn ‘have’
and ‘has’.
Now we use ‘have’ or ‘has’ to show
possession.
To show something belongs to you.
Okay…
So, let’s take a look at the board.
When you’re talking about ‘you’, or
me, we say, “I have…”
Okay…
If something belongs to a boy or man, we say,
“He has…”
For a girl or a woman.
“She has…”
For an animal or thing.
“It has…”
For you, “You have…”
For us.
Me and some other people.
We say, “We have…”
Okay, and some other people.
“They have…”
Okay…
This is very easy, you just have to remember
it.
Okay…
So, let’s practice with these pictures.
Here we have a rabbit…and a carrot.
So which one do we have to use?
Well, a rabbit is an animal.
So we have to use ‘it’.
“It has a carrot.”
Again, “It has a carrot.”
Now, in this picture, we have two ants.
Okay…
So, for two things we have to use ‘they’.
So, here are two ants and an apple.
So, we’re going to say, “They have an
apple.”
“They have an apple.”
Okay, let’s move on to some more practice.
Okay…
Let’s do some practice together.
You have to think about if we should use ‘have’
or ‘has’ in the blanks.
Okay…
So let’s look at the first one.
“The girl ‘blank’ long hair.”
Okay…
Now, ‘the girl’.
We can we use instead of the girl?
We can say “she”.
“She” then what do we say?
“Has.”
“She has long hair.”
Or…
“The girl has long hair.”
It’s the same.
Okay…
The next one.
“The boys…”
Now, there’s an ‘s’ here.
That means there’s more than one boy.
When we have more than one thing, what do
we use?
“They.”
Okay…
“They…”
Do we say ‘have’ or ‘has’?
We have to say “have”.
“They have caps.”
Or…
“The boys have caps.”
Okay, the next one’s easier.
“I…”
When we have ‘I’, we say “have”.
“I have a friend.”
Okay, the next one is also easy.
“He…”
“He ‘blank’ an umbrella.”
What do we have to use?
“Has.”
“He has an umbrella.”
Okay, the next one says, “The dog ‘blank’
a bone.”
“The dog…”
What do we use for animals?
“It.”
“It…has a bone.”
Or…
“The dog has a bone.”
And last.
“My mother and I ‘blank’ a car.”
Okay, this one’s tricky.
“My mother and I…”
We have to say “we”.
“We…have…a car.”
“My mother and I have a car.”
Okay…
So I hope you understand how to use ‘have’
and ‘has’ and I’ll see you in the next
video.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, we’re going to learn negatives
with ‘have’ and ‘has’.
Now this also pretty easy.
You just have to remember everything that
I wrote.
Okay…
So let’s take a look at the board.
Okay, first, for ‘I’, we use, “I don’t
have…”
Remember, ‘don’t’ is a contraction for
‘do not’.
“I don’t have…”
For ‘he, ‘she’ and ‘it’, we use
‘doesn’t have’.
‘Doesn’t’ is a contraction for ‘does
not’.
“He doesn’t have…”
“She doesn’t have…”
“It doesn’t have…”
Now on the bottom.
For ‘you’, ‘we’, ‘they’, it’s
the same as ‘I’.
We use ‘don’t have’.
“You don’t have…”
“We don’t have…”
and “They don’t have…”
So, let’s look at these pictures.
Remember, we have a rabbit and a carrot.
So, we said, “It has a carrot.”
Okay, but, we’re doing negatives, so we
have to say “It doesn’t have a cake.”
“It doesn’t have a cake.”
Okay…
Now here, we have the ants and an apple.
So we said, “They have an apple.”
Okay…
But for this banana here, we have to say,
“They don’t have a banana.”
Okay, let’s move on to some more practice.
Okay…
Now let’s try this practice with the negatives
‘doesn’t have’ and ‘don’t have’
together.
Now this is a little easy because we know
that the second word is have.
All you have to think is should we use ‘doesn’t’
or ‘don’t’.
Okay…
So, I’m just going to put ‘have’ her
first.
Okay…
“She ‘blank’ have short hair.”
Should we use ‘don’t’ or ‘doesn’t’?
If you remember, for ‘she’, we use ‘doesn’t’.
“She doesn’t have short hair.”
Okay…
And again, I’m going to put ‘have’ first.
This is easy.
‘He’ and ‘she’ we both use ‘doesn’t’.
“He doesn’t have an umbrella.”
Okay…
How about for ‘I’?
“I doesn’t have….” or ” I don’t
have…”?
The correct answer is ‘don’t’.
“I don’t have a wife.”
“People…”
Remember, if we have more than one person,
animal and thing, we have to think of ‘they’.
For ‘they’, do we use ‘don’t’ or
‘ doesn’t’?
Do you remember?
The correct answer is ‘don’t’.
“People don’t have manners.”
Okay…
Next.
“We…”
“We ‘blank’ have money.”
Should we put ‘doesn’t’ or ‘don’t’?
The correct answer is ‘don’t’.
“We don’t have money.”
Okay, and the last one.
“A snake…”
A snake is an animal.
What do we use for an animal?
“It.”
“It…”
What should we put here?
“It…doesn’t…have legs.”
Okay, so that was our practice the negatives
‘don’t have’ and ‘doesn’t have’.
I hope you understand and I’ll see you in
the next video.
Bye.
Hi, everybody.
In this video, we’re going to learn how
to ask questions using ‘have’.
Okay, let’s look at the board.
When we are talking about ‘he’, ‘she’
or ‘it’, the question always begins with
‘does’.
After the pronoun, we have ‘have’.
So, we say, “Does he have…”
“Does she have…”
“Does it have…”
Now, let’s practice with this question and
let’s look at the two answers.
Okay…
“Does he have a friend?”
If the answer is ‘yes’, we say “yes”,
in the blank, we match… this has to be the
same.
“Yes, he does.”
If the answer is ‘no’.
“No, he doesn’t.”
“Does he have a friend?”
“Yes, she does.”
“No, she doesn’t.”
“Does it have a friend?”
“Yes, it does.”
“No, it doesn’t.”
Okay, so remember ‘does…have’.
Now, when we use ‘you’, ‘we’, ‘they’,
we use ‘do’ in the front.
And ‘have’ after.
“Do you have a friend?”
“Do we have a friend?”
“Do they have a friend?”
Okay…
And again we have two answers.
We finish with ‘do’ or ‘don’t’.
So, “Do you have a friend?”
“Yes, I do.”
Right, the questions is asking ‘you’,
so you say “I do.”
Or, “No, I don’t.”
“Do we have a friend?”
“Yes, we do.”
Or, “No, we don’t.”
And last.
“Do they have a friend?”
“Yes, they do.”
“No, they don’t.”
Okay, let’s move on to some more practice.
Alright, let’s try this practice together.
I know it looks hard, but I’m going to help
you.
Okay…
So let’s look at the first practice.
It’s a question.
Okay, so remember, when we ask a question,
we begin with ‘do’ or ‘does’.
Okay…
We have ‘she’.
well, remember for all questions we use ‘have’.
In the front, should we use ‘does’ or
‘do’?
The answer is ‘does’.
“Does she have a dress?”
When we answer, “Yes…”
What do we put here?
Remember, we put the pronoun ‘she’.
And the answer ‘does’.
“Yes, she does.”
The next one.
We have ‘they’.
Okay, ‘have’ is again the same.
“…have a bicycle?”
Okay, what goes in the front?
For ‘they’. we use ‘do’.
“Do they have a bicycle?”
This time the answer is negative.
“No, they….”
What do we put here?
It doesn’t make sense to say, “do”.
Right?
“No, they do.”
That’s wrong.
It’s a negative.
We have to say, “No, they don’t.”
“No, they do not.”
Okay, and again, we have ‘have’ over here.
“It…”
Which one, ‘do’ or ‘does’?
The answer is ‘does’.
“Does it have a ball?”
Again, the answer is negative.
“No, it…does not.”
or the contraction, “No, it doesn’t.”
Okay…
So that was our practice for asking questions
with ‘have’.
I hope you understand
and I’ll see
you in the next video.